Panama
the entity
over 50 years to do
in the afternoon to make them
follow, follow
the veneration of the virgin of the sinkhole
however in these three days revealed his accomplices professor Carlos against
ricco there are a series of artistic activities
the artists
just in nothing
the devotion that lizard efforts have to be made
Toad
and good health
be that not necessarily mythological
because without water federations the fund
Jesus or I have nothing to say
freestyle the foreign leader
and the pressure has on why part of the country does not move this place that
check the
they have already passed transmission system
and they do not move even longer because I do want to
in these places before it starts
Of course there are many people who arrive and Friday night
It happens everywhere and on Sunday for the departure
people are going to follow through the galleries
two
quite large staff among the other theatrical pieces is recognized
all the users of this painful
the minor ones
These are the ones that always have a default rate that others will be
just for nothing because of the quality of choreography that is made will be because
before that
debate and that these are university groups at best
are people such as much more organize and promote us is
surprising also all the plants
to see not only with the records also expired
the main tricks this capital
presentations
follow
that's why we know that in the end this representation of a person with
the intention to fight then that is very attractive from the point of view
historiographical judge
throw even fists
to the floor sometimes are two zapatazos love cases as they say and some
15 7 euros cortez I hope this year just then the pounding in the draw
you just have to do it in a ready
we are so
I'm not a superstar 3
in the morning with 48 minutes and we continue to broadcast from 10 in the morning
tomorrow we have not stopped
past experiences
from 2:30 in the afternoon yesterday the general despite these heights we are and
has acted in what was in recent years has been realized I imagine going
to finish this as short as possible world war including having lied
over 48
if the assemblages that come from inside and outside the country maple remembered
the role of rulers after the groups you know finished this end the
Albanian can play a little bit this the law
if the term allows me
from the right and towards what the reducing bands allow us
concentrate days in the stands inside the lottery headquarters to wait
just the first ray of the sun I'm here
in the forecasts of pilot experts informed the network of data centers
we can then why the pp
all the concerts
golden bear what glitters
Of the youngs
It is true that there are many reasons
given on Wednesday
Fernando Ezquerro for this summer to prepare this morning until 4:00 p.m.
of transmission
flora and fauna the people who have made this great party possible
fifteen hundred people have been with us sharing this beautiful
carnival stage
the pig has the homage
thank you very much for the effort
plus more contacts
now we are on August 6 let's see what is happening
yáñez garcía córdoba bridge hnos
apart